hey guys so they may be doing Liam 'hi
inspired outfits I've actually been
working on this video for a while
because I've been trying to get the
clothes to be able to do it and I
finally got them all and so yeah this is
just gonna be two different outfits that
you can do one for each guy and I
thought they turned out pretty good
they're not exactly like it the outfit
that I chose but they are inspired
outfits that's why I called the fat that
I chose for Liam was the one from the
Teen Choice Awards when he was
performing and for Harry I chose the one
when I met him on June 30th so yeah I
hope you guys like it and let's just get
started
so my first outfit is my Liam inspired
outfit I really like this outfit and I
thought it was really cute so what I did
is I put a pair of dark jeans on which
are from Hollister you wear any kind of
dark jeans like jeans whatever you want
I'm wearing my Elena necklace become or
anyone that you want also for the plaid
shirt it's from Target and I tied it
around my waist because he does wear it
constantly tied around his waist and I
just decided to put a jack on since it
is winter and this black one is from
forever 21 my white tank top is from
Hollister you can wear a t-shirt also or
whatever you want and my shoes are black
combat boots from Target I decided to go
dark with the makeup cuz I thought it
looked really good with that so that's
what I went with it and I hope you guys
like this outfit
my next outfit is parries and he went
kind of really dark with his outfit
today
so my black sweater like woven t-shirt
is from Target you can wear anyone you
can wear like a two button-down one also
and add a necklace to it I just forgot
to put on my necklace my black jeans are
black like ripped skinny jeans from
route 21 and my black beanie is from
love culture I couldn't seem to get a
good shot of it in the picture but yeah
then for my hair I just strained it and
you can curl if you really want to go
all out but I didn't find that necessary
then for my shoes I'm wearing a black
patent leather Doc Martens how you were
dressed shoes but I don't really have
like dark brown dress shoes but if you
do that would definitely look better
with it so anyways that is the completed
outfit
my dog doesn't
anyways I hope you guys like that video
if you did please give it a big thumbs
up if you like these inspired outfit
videos maybe I'll do one for the other
three boys just leave them in the
comments below and let me know that you
like this or give this video a thumbs up
to let me know and yeah so please
subscribe to a chance you haven't
already follow me on Instagram and
Twitter my links will be down below also
subscribe to my beauty channel and you
can also click like right here or
something like that I'll put a link on
the screen and yeah so I hope you guys
like this and I'll see you guys in my
next video bye